What's up everybody? Welcome to your
daily digest for Friday, May 23rd, 2025,
where I bring you fact-based,
non-sensational, objective information
about what's going on in the broader
blockchain and cryptocurrency space.
Today, we are kicking off with the hack
that we mentioned yesterday of more than
$220 million that took place on Cedus, a
DEX on Suie. And after a lot of the
funds were frozen, Suie has run into
issues of people claiming it is not
decentralized.
Cedus was able to freeze $162 million of
the stolen funds. However,
uh the Suie team asked every validator
to deploy a patched code so they could
take away the Cedus protocol hackers
$160 million via an unsigned
transaction. While we don't want to see
hundreds of millions of dollars get
stolen, we also don't want to see
validators be able to freeze networks
and turn over
transactions. In other interesting news,
Cointelegraph is reporting senators that
invest into crypto. Um, 11 of them were
covered. the vast majority, if not all
of them, don't actually hold spot crypto
like Ethereum or Bitcoin or anything
else like that, but instead they hold
things like ETFs or they also hold
shares of PayPal or things of this
nature. So, I would argue that the
senators that were covered in this
article are crypto adjacent. However, we
will take what we can get when we're
looking for support on the Hill. Um,
speaking of senators, several senators
have planned to amend the Genius Act,
which is the stable coin bill that is
going through Senate right now, largely
because of Trump's terrible decision to
get involved into crypto projects. So,
there's two things that are a problem
here. Uh first, a lot of senators are
not happy that Trump has involvement in
world liberty financial which launched
the
USD1 stablecoin this March. So they will
largely write out support or write
support for world liberty finan
financial out of the stable coin bill.
And then secondly, um Trump offered uh
the top 220 token holders for the Trump
token to have a private dinner with him.
This is clearly payforplay and it's
really not sitting right with a lot of
people I know who are builders here in
the US, but also uh politicians and
people who are
lawmakers. Moving on, um, crypto perp
futures might be coming very soon to the
US per CFTC's
um, Commissioner Summer Mercinger. Uh,
Summer told this to Bloomberg TV on May
22nd. She said, "We're seeing some
applications and I believe we'll see
some of those products trading live very
soon. It would be great to get that
trading back on shore in the US." For
those who do not know, crypto perpetual
futures are derivative contracts that
allow traders to speculate on the price
of a cryptocurrency without actually
owning them. And Hyperliquid has thrown
its hat into the ring following the CFTC
comments uh the other day on TV. Hyperl
is a decentralized per exchange
operating its own L1 and submitted
formal comments on a 247 derivatives
trading platform to the US CFTC. Um, you
can go over to Twitter to see a uh
comment that they made um about wanting
to support DeFi in the US with a
regulatory agency that is open to
dialogue and offering a clear regulatory
framework. Moving on, Kraken is going to
offer tokenized US stocks to non US
clients. The products will be offered
through backed a new Kraken partner
which according to a statement shared
with Cointelegraph went on to say that
the tokens representing the stocks will
be stored on the Salana blockchain due
to its unmatched performance, low
latency, and thriving global ecosystem.
We're starting to see a world where the
Robin Hoods, the Coinbases, the Krakens,
these large exchanges of the world are
starting to offer both um equities
offerings, tokenized equities offerings,
as well as cryptocurrency offerings. So,
we're in a brave new world. Moving on,
two kind of negative stories to keep you
on your toe, dear listener. Hackers are
using a fake Ledger Live app to steal
phrases to drain people's crypto. Um,
the main the malware replaces the
legitimate Ledger Live app on a victim's
device and then prompts the user to
input their seed phrase through a phony
popup message. Whatever you do, never
input your seed phrase into
anything on a computer, especially after
you asked to download it. Not your seed
phrase, not your keys, not your coins.
Be safe and be diligent out there. No
one who is a real actor in this space
will ever ask you for your seed phrase.
And moving on um to our second to last
piece of news, a US tourist was drugged
by a fake Uber driver and robbed of all
of his Bitcoin holdings, which were
around
123,000. Folks, do not carry your entire
cryptocurrency stash on your phone.
Don't even carry more than 1% of your
total holdings on your phone. You would
not carry every single piece of gold you
own. You would not carry every single
dollar that you have to your name on
your person whenever you're traveling.
Do not do it with crypto. Don't use
mobile phones for everything. Store the
vast majority of your cryptocurrency
into a safe, cold wallet that can't be
accessed by anybody. We really as an
industry need to learn how to empower
and protect ourselves and make sure that
nobody can ever gain access to seed
phrases or to our cold wallets. And in
this instance, a guy went out drinking.
Um he called an Uber, got into the wrong
taxi cab, and then the the taxi driver
offered him a cigarette which had this
sed sedative drug called scopolamine
which basically knocked the dude out for
30 minutes before he was able to regain
consciousness. And then afterwards he
was kicked out of the cab, his phone was
taken from him and he lost access to all
of his crypto. Um so moving on to a
final piece of good news. Uh we've been
talking a lot about states in the US and
their opening perspectives, shifting
perspectives to cryptocurrency. So
Michigan lawmakers have filed for crypto
bills for retirey fund, CBDC's and
mining. Um, the new Bitcoin bills that
were introduced in Michigan include
allowing state retirement fund
investments, banning CBDC's and other
rights protections, and allowing Bitcoin
mining on abandoned oil and gas wells,
and offering tax deductions for it. So,
that's your news for Friday, May 23rd.
If you want to keep up to date with
what's going on on the daily digests,
our weekly spaces, or our bimonthly
podcast episodes, head over to our
subreddit, which is
back/smarteconomyodcast, to keep up to
date with everything we bring to you so
that you don't have to sift through the
news for hours a day. Just come listen
to me talk about it for 10 minutes and I
will see you next week. Cheers.